Added documentation and diagram of usage of the Continuous Flow API and audio memory layout (#271)
dmf-mxl/mxl: docs/usage.md

    const float *secondSlice = reinterpret_cast<const float *>(channelBase1);

    // Process the first fragment (may already contain the entire window).
    for (size_t i = 0; i < fragment0Samples; ++i) {
        consume_sample(channel, firstSlice[i]);
    }

    // Only needed when the window wrapped around the ring buffer.
    for (size_t i = 0; i < fragment1Samples; ++i) {
        consume_sample(channel, secondSlice[i]);
    }
}
```

Writing samples mirrors the same pattern but uses `mxlMutableWrappedMultiBufferSlice`:

```c
mxlMutableWrappedMultiBufferSlice scratch;
mxlFlowWriterOpenSamples(writer, nextSampleIndex, batchSize, &scratch);
// Fill scratch for every channel respecting fragments and stride, exactly like the reader example.
// ...
mxlFlowWriterCommitSamples(writer);
```

A few important rules fall straight out of the data structure:

- Readers can only observe up to `bufferLength / 2` samples in one call. The other half of the buffer is considered “write in progress”, which prevents races when a writer is wrapping around.
- `index` is inclusive: asking for `(headIndex, 256)` returns samples `headIndex - 255` through `headIndex`.

> - Always look at `slices.base.fragments[1].size` before assuming the sample window is contiguous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Never assume the sample window is contiguous. Instead always treat the window as two contiguous slices, that may or may not be empty (i.e. have a `size` of `0`).
```
